README.md, before:

# Alex's Dev Path

## Introduction
Alex's Dev Path is a full stack website developed to show off my path into coding, my skills, portfolio and a user interface for users to link with myself.

The website allows a user to create an account, from there, the user can create, read, update and delete appointments. This responsive website was created using agile principles, bootstrap and the django frameworks. So if you're interested in working with me, or want to enquire about more, pleease let me know and enjoy!

## Agile Methodologies
As mentioned in the introduciton, agile principles were utilised throughout this project to plan and complete all aspects of the project. The agile method that was mainly utilised in this project was the use of GitHub issues which were further categorised into milestones to seperate out tasks for various aspects of the project. The issues were then added onto a Kanban project board through GitHub as shown below: 

[screenshot of Kanban]

The main GitHub issues laid out were user stories, each user stories contains acceptance criteria. These requirements were sometimes adjusted as through the course of the project, unplanned events and new ideas occurred therefore this was added or deleted as required. 

Another agile principle used was the MoSCoW method. The MoSCoW prioritisation method enabled me to understand what elements within the project were 'must haves', 'should have' or 'could have'. This allowed me to make sure that I spent the most amount of time ensuring that the must haves were completed first.

## User Experience (UX)

### Site Owner Goals

- I would like the user to be able to understand what the website is about straight away from the home page.
- A form is required whereby the user can create a meeting with myself for any coding related topics.
- Validation is required throughout to provide users with any feedback required.
- I can review the database to manage user's forms and requirements.
- A separate admin login for myself to manage CRUD functionality for appointments made. 
- Professional and modern design.

### User Stories

- As a user, I expect every web page to be consistent with the same header and footer.
- As a user, I want to be able to see the work history of the Alex.
- As a user, I want to be able to see a picture of Alex with a short description about himself.
- As a user, I expect an easily navigatable web page that is simple.
- As a user, I want to be able to see skills, proficincies and expectations of the site owner.
- As a user, I expect to be able to be register an account.
- As a user, I expect to be able to create an appointment with the site owner whilst being logged in.
- As a user, I expect to view appointments set up with Alex whilst being logged in.
- As a user, I expect to be able to edit appointments set up with Alex whilst being logged in.
- As a user, I expect to be able to delete appointments set up with Alex whilst being logged in.
- As a user, I expect to be able to log out of my account to keep my details secure. 
- As a user, I expect to be able to follow Alex on social media through the footer.

### Developer Goals

- The site should restrict users from entering invalid data into forms
- The form must contain placeholder text in all fields to make it easier for the user to use.
- A notification must appear when a user has successfully logged in.
- A notification must appear when a user has logged out.
- The website is viable and accessible on all browsers.
- The website attractive and different when compared to other portfolio websites to make it stand out.
- The website is responsive to multiple different size screens.

Commit message:

feat: add staff member stories to readme

README.md, after:

# Alex's Dev Path

## Introduction
Alex's Dev Path is a full stack website developed to show off my path into coding, my skills, portfolio and a user interface for users to link with myself.

The website allows a user to create an account, from there, the user can create, read, update and delete appointments. This responsive website was created using agile principles, bootstrap and the django frameworks. So if you're interested in working with me, or want to enquire about more, pleease let me know and enjoy!

## Agile Methodologies
As mentioned in the introduciton, agile principles were utilised throughout this project to plan and complete all aspects of the project. The agile method that was mainly utilised in this project was the use of GitHub issues which were further categorised into milestones to seperate out tasks for various aspects of the project. The issues were then added onto a Kanban project board through GitHub as shown below: 

[screenshot of Kanban]

The main GitHub issues laid out were user stories, each user stories contains acceptance criteria. These requirements were sometimes adjusted as through the course of the project, unplanned events and new ideas occurred therefore this was added or deleted as required. 

Another agile principle used was the MoSCoW method. The MoSCoW prioritisation method enabled me to understand what elements within the project were 'must haves', 'should have' or 'could have'. This allowed me to make sure that I spent the most amount of time ensuring that the must haves were completed first.

## User Experience (UX)

### Site Owner Goals

- I would like the user to be able to understand what the website is about straight away from the home page.
- A form is required whereby the user can create a meeting with myself for any coding related topics.
- Validation is required throughout to provide users with any feedback required.
- I can review the database to manage user's forms and requirements.
- A separate staff login for myself and staff to manage CRUD functionality for appointments made. 
- Professional and modern design.

### User Stories

- As a user, I expect every web page to be consistent with the same header and footer.
- As a user, I want to be able to see the work history of the Alex.
- As a user, I want to be able to see a picture of Alex with a short description about himself.
- As a user, I expect an easily navigatable web page that is simple.
- As a user, I want to be able to see skills, proficincies and expectations of the site owner.
- As a user, I expect to be able to be register an account.
- As a user, I expect to be able to create an appointment with the site owner whilst being logged in.
- As a user, I expect to view appointments set up with Alex whilst being logged in.
- As a user, I expect to be able to follow Alex on social media through the footer.

### Staff Member Stories

- As a staff member, I expect to have a higher access account compared to the user.
- As a staff member, I expect to be able to edit appointments set up with Alex whilst being logged in.
- As a staff member, I expect to be able to delete appointments set up with Alex whilst being logged in.
- As a staff member, I expect to be able to log out of my account to keep my details secure. 
- As a staff member, I expect the interface to be simple to use. 



### Developer Goals

- The site should restrict users from entering invalid data into forms
- The form must contain placeholder text in all fields to make it easier for the user to use.
- A notification must appear when a user has successfully logged in.
- A notification must appear when a user has logged out.
- The website is viable and accessible on all browsers.
- The website attractive and different when compared to other portfolio websites to make it stand out.
- The website is responsive to multiple different size screens.

### Expectations
